
## About

This toolkit is a parasitology analysis protocol.
It was written to help on a research that tries to explain
how certain protein mutations on the parasite affect antibody binding.

This is largely undocumented and disorganized, currently `work in progress`.
Even this README is incomplete. 
If someone is doing research in this area and needs this kind of software,
contact me over e-mail at `gabriel_scf@hotmail.com`.


## Input Data Types

### Protein Alignments

`.aln` files, such as those generated by `Clustal` when fed with a multifasta protein sequence file with many sequences of the same protein, one for each strain.

### Epitope Data

`.csv` files, such as those generated at `iedb.org` with the "export search" function. 

### Protein Structure Files

`.pdb` files, such as those found at `rcsb.org`.



## Protocols

### Docking

A docking protocol that creates an antibody based on heavy and light
variable chain sequences, and dock them to a protein. 
Then it mutates the protein and tries again,
checking how the mutation affected the protein.

This uses the Rosetta software suite and GROMACS md system.

You'll probably need to modify the pipeline to suit your needs.

## Dependencies

### Rosetta

This is best used with Rosetta MPI, enabling multicore runs.
To compile it with MPI just add `extras=mpi`to your `scons` compile flags.<br>

`./scons.py -j 4 mode=release bin cxx=clang extras=mpi`
 

### Gromacs

...

## Usage

...


## Executables

Each executable can be called with `--help` to see how its arguments work.

### depitope

Shows, for each residue in the selected chain in the protein structure, the minimum distance from that residue from residues located in another chain, in the same `.pdb` file.


### strutmut

...
